Update RELEASING.md (#1253)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: RELEASING.md

> - Fill the pre-release tag and select the correct target branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fill the pre-release tag and select `master` as the target branch
```

Author: Thanks!

    <img width="370" alt="image2" src="https://github.com/mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas/assets/5663078/e710c0ff-dc00-44c2-9eb6-146cd791d47e">

> - Select the **master** branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
